docs(recipe/create-connector): add en-US create ur connector doc (#56)
logto-io/docs: docs/docs/recipes/create-your-connector/fragments/_index_contents.md

> Connector's class is an implementation among _SMSConnector_, _EmailConnector_, and _SocialConnector_. See (TODO: add a link to _@logto/connector-types_) to build a picture of connector types and connector design.

Reviewer: I think you can just show the base class definitions here since they are simple.

- A connector config validator is obligatory for all connectors.
- All _SMS Connectors_ and _Email Connectors_ require a `sendMessage` method to call providers message sending APIs.
- Authorization URL generator and user profile retriever are required for all _Social Connectors_.
- The method, which can get an access token with an authorization code, is expected for most _Social Connectors_.

:::tip
The methods required by connectors vary by connector type.

Trying to figure out why _Social Connector_ requires some specific methods?<br/>
Go and check out (TODO: link to intro page of OAuth 2.0).
:::

:::note
For most of the _Social Connectors_, obtaining a user profile with end-users authorization follows a two-step scheme (assume that user authorization succeeds):

1. Swap `accessToken` with a connector vendor granted `authCode`.
2. Request for a publicly accessible user profile using `accessToken`.

>    :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::
```

Connector's class is an implementation among _SMSConnector_, _EmailConnector_, and _SocialConnector_.

Here is an interface definition of different types of connectors.

```typescript
interface BaseConnector {
  metadata: ConnectorMetadata;
  validateConfig: ValidateConfig;
  getConfig: GetConnectorConfig;
}

interface SmsConnector extends BaseConnector {
  sendMessage: SmsSendMessageFunction;
}

interface EmailConnector extends BaseConnector {
  sendMessage: EmailSendMessageFunction;
}

interface SocialConnector extends BaseConnector {
  getAuthorizationUri: GetAuthorizationUri;
  getUserInfo: GetUserInfo;
}
```

> To see connector methods' definition and build a picture of connector interface design, see [_connector-types_](https://github.com/logto-io/logto/blob/master/packages/connector-types/src/index.ts). You can also find _ConnectorMetadata_ reference at "[Connectors](../../references/connectors)".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see connector methods' definition and build a picture of connector interface design, see [`@logto/connector-types`](https://github.com/logto-io/logto/blob/master/packages/connector-types/src/index.ts). You can also find _ConnectorMetadata_ reference at "[Connectors](../../references/connectors)".
```

  getUserInfo: GetUserInfo;
}
```

To see connector methods' definition and build a picture of connector interface design, see [`@logto/connector-types`](https://github.com/logto-io/logto/blob/master/packages/connector-types/src/index.ts). You can also find _ConnectorMetadata_ reference at "[Connectors](../../references/connectors)".

- A connector `validateConfig` is obligatory for all connectors.
- All _SMS Connectors_ and _Email Connectors_ require a `sendMessage` method to call providers message sending APIs.
- Authorization URL generator `getAuthorizationUri` and user profile retriever `getUserInfo` are required for all _Social Connectors_.
- The `getUserInfo` method, which can retrieve an access token with an authorization code, is expected for most _Social Connectors_.

:::tip
The methods required by connectors vary by connector type.

Trying to figure out why _Social Connector_ requires some specific methods?<br/>
Go and check out [_OAuth 2.0_ protocol](https://oauth.net/2/).
:::

:::note
For most of the _Social Connectors_, obtaining a user profile with end-users authorization follows a two-step scheme (assume that user authorization succeeds):

> 1. Swap `accessToken` with a connector vendor granted `authCode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fetch `accessToken` by a connector vendor granted `authCode`.
```
